[W/A] Link dl to MIOpen driver (#2177)
ROCmSoftwarePlatform/MIOpen: src/CMakeLists.txt

target_include_directories(MIOpen SYSTEM PUBLIC $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${HALF_INCLUDE_DIR}>)
target_include_directories(MIOpen SYSTEM PRIVATE ${BZIP2_INCLUDE_DIR})

> # Work around : change in rocm-cmake was causing linking error so had to add ${CMAKE_DL_LIBS} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Workaround : change in rocm-cmake was causing linking error so had to add ${CMAKE_DL_LIBS} 
```
to make this W/A findable by means of a simple text search.
